come in but be real quiet
yeah I think you don't get a little
gander at the take before we took off on
the road ah how did it call home got a
real bad Keith again I think he's not
him boy that wake her up
just done Danny's having problems with
this colic uh-huh with colic huh upset
stomach why don't you just rub a little
vermouth on her gums what's your name's
Tom zone it's a boy his name is Dakota
yeah hey Dakota Dakota great you know
neighing her baby after an Indian she's
sure to like that remove it's a boy you
got the gift I said chest I got from the
Lillian Vernon catalog one of them
school chairs nice
Oh Shh go over there
don't know the kids room
Custer's last angle ah yeah number cubed
here's Custer
to me a month to do this is a horse no
Oh
yes this baby white sarong yeah there
are better than here not
thank you / than a noodles no I don't
want
Oh
oh thanks a lot thank you Bell varghese
away ha now is the way oh yeah that's
not the way you rock it baby gear let
him little mother Oh fine fine she's
cuter than cricket boys it's a boy has a
penis support
you understand that these like to be
next to the heartbeat of a mother need
some fall asleep you are not his mother
you're barely his aunt you know that
don't look coffee down here yeah I for a
baby person could pretty much almost
just go right look brain wake up Oh
Oh